>> Scott Moss: This course is gonna be
picking up where I left off with the last
course, as far as GraphQL goes.
I was talking about things like fragments
and all this crazy stuff that I didn't
really get to, we're gonna start
talking about some of that stuff today.
So yeah, there is an expectation that you
should know a little bit about GraphQL,
but if you don't, don't worry.
This first section is gonna
be dedicated just for you and
we're gonna go through building some
simple things just to get you going.
Other than that, yeah,
we're gonna lead all the way
down to just applicable things.
The stuff that I'm gonna be teaching
in this course is stuff that you can
apply today.
It's not gonna be like theoretical,
here's how you could do this.
Like no, you can apply this stuff and
actually a lot of the code
that I'm gonna be using and
that you'll be seeing in the curriculum
is straight from the repo at my company.
So it's literally applicable code,
things that we use in production
every single day, and
that's kind of how I like to teach.
Let's jump into it,
everybody should have the repo,
it's gonna be broken down into,
I think there's five lessons on there.
And the first one we're gonna be
covering is basically just getting warm
with GraphQL, getting back up to speed.
Just going over the things that
we all have a nice foundation and
we're all on the same page and then
we'll hit the ground running from there.
So I decided not to do slides for this
because again, a lot of this is advanced,
they're really, the best way to show you
is just to get in and dive or dive in and
get going.
So there's this website
called howtographql.com,
we're not gonna go over it right now but
this is a really good resource.
That if you're like, new to GraphQL,
you're just starting to learn or you've
got some holes in your logic because
you've maybe used GraphQL on a client but
you've never actually experienced
building a server with GraphQL,
this is the place to go check it out.
So, yeah I would definitely go
check it out, but basically,
we're just gonna run
through this right now, or
I'm gonna run through a lot of
this stuff right now with my code.
And we're just gonna build a baseline and
I'm gonna set you off free and
you're gonna do a hello world example.
So again, this course is only
gonna be focused on GraphQL APIs,
we're not gonna be talking
about any GraphQL clients.
So there's no front end component here,
there's no Apollo on the front end.
There' no JavaScript frameworks,
this is purely just APIs.
Towards the end,
if anybody wants to talk about like
how does this work on a frontend and
different strategies for that,
I'm more than happy to talk about it.
Maybe that's another course but
this course is only for the APIs.